# Meeting Minutes - 11/04/22

## Meeting Information

- Topic(s): Feature Assignment
- Attendees:
  - Aung, Brian, Xuechen(Daniel), Lily, Jett, Jonathan, Samir, Scott, Nathan, Jeffrey
  - (Missing: *none*)
- Estimated Time: `1 hr - 1 hr 30 min.`
  - Start Time: `5:55 pm`
  - End Time: `6:49 pm`

## Meeting Topics

### To-Do

**By Wednesday:**

- Interactive wireframe on Figma (Nathan + Lily)
- ADR for local storage: Samir, Brian, Jeffrey, Lily, Jett

**By Friday:**

- User interface
  - Aung, Nathan, Daniel, Jonathan, Scott
  - Homepage, modal, …
- Storing data
  - Samir, Brian, Jeffrey, Lily, Jett
  - Api design doc (list of ‘modules’ we need implemented and what input/output they should have)

**Next assignments (loose/tentative):**

- Create, Edit, Delete: Samir, Brian, Jeffrey
- Filter/sort by column: Aung, Jett

## Closing

### Action Items for All Members

- **By Wednesday**
  - Interactive Wireframe
  - Data Storage ADR
- **By Friday**
  - User Interface development
  - Backend API Design
